All right so up to this point we're doing pretty good.
We have our main post page or my our home page Don but if I click on one of these and we go to the single
product page it doesn't look too good.
All right and we're missing a bunch of information.
So what we're going to do is we're going to create a new file inside the my shop the Imphal there and
we're going to save it as single dot Ph.
All right.
And just by creating that file if we go back to the single view and reload it's blank OK because it's
looking at this file.
So what we'll do is let's copy everything we have in the index page.
All right so grab all of it and paste it in and I'm going to get rid of the showcase part because we
don't want that.
We only want the showcase on the home page so we're going to get rid of it.
And I'm just going to put in H.R. tagon there.
All right now we're going to be doing this same thing as far as checking for posts and looping through
the post even though it's a single post.
But I'm going to get rid of everything that's in between the while loop.
OK we're just going to get that out and then we're going to create a new div with the class.
Let's create a div with the class of row and also single product.
OK.
And then inside there we're going to have a five column div.
So this will be a large five and columns
K and inside there we're going to have our go back I think
and put a line break and then we're going to check for the featured image of a thumbnail.
So I'm going to just copy right here.
We just want to check to see if it's there.
And if it is then it will display it.
OK.
And then that should be it for the five column div OK so that's just going to be the image basically
.
And then after that we're going to have a seven column div
OK.
And then this is going to have the title which will put in an age.
So I'll say ph P the title
and right under that we're going to put the content
right.
And then we'll do an H R tag and then we want the tags in this code I'm actually just going to paste
in Kreiss So you just want to get that copied.
We're just checking for the tags and then we're checking to see if the function exists.
And then we're going to spit them out.
All right so let's go ahead and save this and we'll go back to our page and reload.
And now we have a product page.
So for the Go back right now it's it's not going to be anything.
What we can do is let's have it go to the home page will say ph P we should be able to say sight underscore
u r l
k x or do we need to echo it
right
back.
And that brings us back to our home page.
So that looks good.
Now we also want to be able to have multiple images in here as well.
So let's go to our post in the back and let's go to blue and white shirt and what I want to do is click
on Add media and then create gallery and then upload a couple more files.
I have these files here and I want to use those and create a new gallery for the link.
Just say media file and insert gallery.
OK let's update go back to the front and reload.
And now we have some images for that product.
OK so that looks pretty much like a like a standard shopping cart.
Details page.
All right.
So we're getting there now for the regular pages like a bow.
Obviously we don't want this.
So what we can do is go into our folder and create a new file and we'll save it as Page dot ph p.
All right.
And then if we go back to here and we reload it's going to be blank.
All right let's grab what we have in the index page pasted right there and then we want to go down to
where the the post loop is.
And let's just take everything out from within the while loop and what we'll do is we'll create a div
and this will be a 12 column.
So we'll see a large 12.
COLMES Right.
And then here let's do an H three that will have the title
.
OK.
Under the title let's do the whole thumbnail thing.
I'm just going to grab it from here.
Grab that.
OK so if there is an image it'll show it and then we just need the content
.
All right we'll save it.
Let's go back to about.
And now we have just a standard page with a title and then the body K sample page same thing.
So we're looking pretty good.
Now if you do if you want to have comments on your product or post pages you could do that.
I'm not sure if you would want to but if you do go to a single dot ph P and go probably go like right
here and just say ph P comments underscore template
and save it go back reload.
And now we have comments let's say this is a test comment.
All right.
So that will leave comments and I don't think that looks that great.
Of course you could create your own comments template and make this look a little better.
We've done that in past past themes so don't really want to go through that again.
And you may even rebranded as revues as a product review.
You could do that as well.
All right so we're going to go ahead and stop here.
We introduced a few new aspects of Wordpress theme development in this project such as creating your
own plug in widget and also implementing the image the logo and the Customize are.
And so on.
All right.
So thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next project